# Calculus
Textbooks, notes, exercises, solutions.....
I know this is the place for coding but forgive me.

This storage includes some materials for learning calculus. It mainly has two parts, single-variable calculus and multi-variable calculus. I set up this in order to help others in learning calculus. I'm pretty sure I know what a new leaner needs (at least I hope so), since these materials are all from my own experience in learning. If you are a student from Ontario, you can find the related calculus materials to help you leaerning. I believe you can solve what confused you although I didn't specificly design a study process for MCV4U. For the ones who are studying for AP calc, you can aslo follow these. For the ones who aim for more advanced concepts but lack of preliminary, this process is particular designed for you, and hope it will work.

I only posted one textbook for each of the section. Because I don't want to get involved in some copyright or some other annoying bussiness. These two books are written by Frederick Woods. Last century, they were used in the courses in MIT and CaTech (according to Feymann).
I choose these two books for some reasons. First, they were written a hundred years that few people are still reading it today, so I guess nobody will come to my face and say I broke any copyright rules. Second, they includes a lot of classic exercise and questions. Third, the amount of questions of it is moderate, unlike Thomas Calculus, or Stewarts's book, which has over a thousnad pages.

For single-variable calculus, I personaly recommand you start from Calculus the Life Saver, written by Adrian Banner. This is a very clear and efficient introductory book for single-variable calculus. When I was 14 years old, this "Life Saver" truly saved my struggling experience in learning calculus. But this book has no exercise, which is a disaster for those who are preparing for an exam. You can find a lot of exercises in Thomas Calculus. Stewarts's Calculus book is a huge work and consists a lot of contents, you can find it at Toronto Public Library if you lives in Ontario. It's the basic blueprint of many calculus textbooks written after 1990. But I personally advice you to use it as a "dictionary", since you are not learning in a formal university or something. I posted my solutions of the exercises from Woods's book here, you can find it as a supportive material.

I don't have too many comments on multi-variable calculus. Because as you learned the single-variable part, you will see a comfortable and natural way to learn this part. The path varies, and depends on the learner. I will post my solutions of the exercises from Woods's book here (might be finished by September, 2025).

For the ones preparing for AP calc, I don't care if you are learning AB or BC (I don't see too many differences between these two), but I have to recommand the Khan Academy as a source for practicing. Khan Academy contains a lot of materials, and trust me, you will deal with the AP exams easily as hell if you can do those unit by unit. You can also use Priceton Review or Barron's for that exam. 

For all the books I mentioned above, contact me if you need any of those or have any other needs. My email is mingzhuog2008@gmail.com, I have all the materials you need, more than you can imagine. 
